---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "googleworkspace_cloud_identity_policy Data Source - googleworkspace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Cloud Identity Policy data source
---

# googleworkspace_cloud_identity_policy (Data Source)

Cloud Identity Policy data source



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `customer` (String) Customer that the Policy belongs to. The value 
				is in the format 'customers/{customerId}'. The 'customerId must begin 
				with "C" To find your customer ID in Admin Console see
				https://support.google.com/a/answer/10070793
- `name` (String) Identifier. The resource name 
				(https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names) 
				of the Policy. Format: policies/{policy}.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource ID
- `query` (Attributes) The Policy Query (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--query))
- `setting` (Attributes) The Policy Query (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--setting))
- `type` (String) The type of the policy.
	 			Possible values:
	 			  "POLICY_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED" - Unspecified policy type.
	 			  "SYSTEM" - Policy type denoting the system-configured policies.
	 			  "ADMIN" - Policy type denoting the admin-configurable policies.

<a id="nestedatt--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String) This field is only set if there is a single 
						value for group that satisfies all clauses of the  query. 
						If no group applies, this will be the empty string.
- `org_unit` (String) The OrgUnit the query applies to. This field 
						is only set if there is a single value for org_unit that satisfies 
						all clauses of the query.
- `query` (String) The CEL query that defines which entities the Policy 
						applies to (ex. a User entity). For details about CEL see 
						https://opensource.google.com/projects/cel. The OrgUnits the Policy applies 
						to are represented by a clause like so: 
							entity.org_units.exists(org_unit, org_unit.org_unit_id == orgUnitId('{orgUnitId}')) 
						The Group the Policy applies to are represented by a clause like so: 
							entity.groups.exists(group, group.group_id == groupId('{groupId}')) 
						The Licenses the Policy applies to are represented by a clause like so: 
							entity.licenses.exists(license, license in ['/product/{productId}/sku/{skuId}']) 
						The above clauses can be present in any combination, and used in conjunction 
						with the &&, || and ! operators. The org_unit and group fields below are helper 
						fields that contain the corresponding value(s) as the query to make the query easier to use.


<a id="nestedatt--setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `setting`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of the Setting.
- `value` (String) The value of the Setting.
